Fixing the Cookie Settings link (#2393)
ONSdigital/eq-survey-runner: README.md

| EQ_NEW_RELIC_ENABLED                      | False                 | Enable New Relic monitoring                                                                   |
| NEW_RELIC_LICENSE_KEY                     |                       | Enable new relic monitoring by supplying a New Relic licence key                              |
| NEW_RELIC_APP_NAME                        |                       | The name to display for the application in New Relic                                          |

> | COOKIE_SETTINGS_URL                       |                       | URL for the Census Webstie Cookie Settings page                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| COOKIE_SETTINGS_URL                       |                       | URL for the Website Cookie Settings page                                               |
```
